Python Interview Questions

1. Palindrome Number check
2. Palindrome String Check
3. Reverse an array
4. Sort an array
5. Find largest number of an array
6. Find smallest number of an array
7. Find the average of an array
8. Check Armstrong number
9. Reverse a String
10. Write a method which will remove any given character from a string
11. Find longest word of a given sentence
12. How to count the occurence of a given character in string
13. How to reverse words in a sentence without using any library
14. Calculate the number of vowels and consonants in a string
15. In an array 1-100 multiple numbers are duplicates, how do you find it?
16. Given two arrays, find which number is not present in second array
17. Find sum of didgits of a number
18. Factorial Program using loop, recursion, in-built function
19. Fibonacci series
20. Prime Numbers, Composite Numbers
21. Perfect Numbers
22. Swapping Numbers
23. Find GCD of two positive numbers
24. Selection Sort
25. Bubble Sort
26. Sum of digits of positive integer
27. Quick Sort
28. Palindromic prime numbers
29. Count vowels in a given sentence
30. Print every index of the duplicate elements in a list
31. Binary Search
32. Anagrams
33. Co-Prime Numbers
34. How to find the maximum number in the nested list
35. Leap Year
36. Valid date
37. Palindrome Date
38. Program to print next Palindrome Date
39. FLAMES game
40. Python program for Matrix addition and subtraction
41. Transpose of a matrix
42. Pascal's Triangle
43. Calculate LCM of two numbers
44. Calculate LCM using GCD
45. Print alphabets in right triangle
46. Get user input for list
47. Happy numbers
48. Star Pattern
49. Factors of given number
50. Python program to reverse and add util a palindrome
51. Python program to print all non-empty substring of given string
52. Python program to check power of a number
53. Python program to convert integer to roman number, roman to integer
54. Reverse Floyd's triangle
55. Sum of first N natural numbers
56. Stretch word II python programing
57. Interchange first and last element
58. Interchange two positional elements
59. Find unique words
60. Python program to extract N elements
61. Python program to filter even numbers using lambda function
62. Python program to find numerology number
63. Reverse words of a string
64. Words that are greater than N letters
65. Create star delimited string
66. Find if a string is valid binary number
67. Numeric equivalent amount
68. Find uncommon words
69. Angle between two sides
70. Numbers in range
71. Data Analysis
72. Check if all digits are even
73. Patterned equation solution
74. Solution to extract company from email
75. Solution to PF Calculation
76. Auto Robo Movement
77. Chinese Puzzle program
78. Encrypt and decrypt a string
79. Banking System
80. Strong Number, Humble number
81. Given a,b,c,d print a/b÷c/d in num/deno  format as 1/2÷2/3 = 3/4
82. Read decimal value, print its time span -- ex : imput - 10.5, output - 10.30am 
83. Return acronym ex: input - Random Access Memory Output - RAM
84. Input - 101, Output one,zero,one
